OSDOCS-16947#CQA work STOR3 - CSI cloning (#114138)
openshift/openshift-docs: storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi-cloning.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Volume cloning duplicates existing persistent volumes to create independent copies for data protection, testing, or deployment. This Container Storage Interface (CSI) feature allows creating new volumes from existing data without manual copying or backup restoration.

Reviewer: More user-centric?

```suggestion
You can use volume cloning to duplicates existing persistent volumes, creating independent copies for data protection, testing, or deployment. This Container Storage Interface (CSI) feature allows creating new volumes from existing data without manual copying or backup restoration.
```
